---
title: Pita bread
permalink: pita
date: 2016-02-22
youtubeurl: http://www.youtube.com/embed/clPlAowSjFQ
eyecatcher: /images/pita.jpg
type: recipe
english: true
story: ninguna story
---

Pita bread is one of the easiest yeasted breads to make. They turn out way better than those store bought, and it is so exciting to see them puff up in the oven!

And on top of that, these can be frozen, so you can bake a bigger batch and just defreeze them directly in the toaster to have warm pita breads any day!

* **Ingredients**, _for 8 medium sized pitas_
  * 250 g bread flour (you can use 100 g of strong flour and the rest, all purpose flour or whole wheat)
  * 5 g of fresh yeast or 1'5 g dry yeast (1/2 tsp)
  * About 150 g water
  * 20 g extra virgin olive oil
  * 5 g salt


* **Process**
  1. Mix the dry ingredients in a bowl. Then, add the oil and mix until it forms a sort of "sand". Afterwards, add the water little by little until you get a slightly sticky mixture (you might not need all the water or might need some extra!).
  2. Knead the dough for 10 15 min until it is soft and smooth. Form a ball, cover with a bit of oil and let it rise until it doubles.
  3. Preheat the oven to 250 C, with a pizza stone or with a baking tray inside if you want (or you can put the pitas straight in the floor of the oven). 
  4. Divide the dough into eight portions, press each boil a little to take out some of the air and then shape them into smaller balls. 
  5. Once the oven is hot, use a rolling pin to form the pitas of about 0'6 cm inch. _Optional: Put the pitas on some baking paper and underneath, some aluminum foil._
  6. Deslizarlas sobre la bandeja/piedra caliente o, en su defecto, sobre la base del horno.
  7. Hornear unos 2 min (tienen que hincharse), dar la vuelta, hornear otros dos minutos y sacar.
  8. Guardar caliente envuelto en un trapo para que retenga la humedad y queden blanditos.

Have them dipped in hummus or babaganoush, or stuff them with meat or falafel.
