---
title: Chicken korma
permalink: korma
date: 2016-09-25
youtubeurl: https://www.youtube.com/embed/0E1fg1Mn2PI
type: recipe
english: true
story: ninguna historia
eyecatcher: /images/korma.jpg
---

I love this curry and its aromatic, thick sauce. It's a real crowd-pleaser. The traditional way of making it takes forever, but I used [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=We1qXKTbqOM) as reference, since it is easier and takes "only" one hour to make. 

For the sauce you can use cashews, which make it creamier, but I used almonds to lower the carbs in the recipe.

Eat it with rice, naan or, in my case, salad and cauli-rice :D 


* **Ingredients**, _serves 4_
  * For the onion purée: 325 g white onion, 3 darlic cloves, 2 cm ginger or 1 tsp ginger paste
    * Cut the ginger transversally to cut through the fibers, so you don't get long strings in your sauce later.
  * 3 tbsp oil (I used mustard oil)
  * 420 g chicken breast (you could use drumsticks instead; it will be even better!)
  * For the almond paste: 30 whole, peeled almonds (40-45g), soaked in water for 24h; 3 tbsp of coconut milk, 3 tbsp water
    * I used roasted almonds but you can use them raw.
  * 3/4 cup coconut milk
  * Whole spices: 5 cm cinnamon stick, 10 cloves, 10 green cardamom
  * Powdered spices: 3 tsp powdered coriander, 1/2 tsp turmeric, 1/4 tsp chili powder
  * 3/4 tsp garam masala
  * 1-1.5 tsp salt
  * Optional: some sugar or stevia, if you want the sauce to be sweet.


* **Process**
  1. First, blend the ingredients for the onion purée until smooth.
  2. In a pan, heat up the oil and fry the whole spices 2 minutes, without burning them. 
  3. Add the onion purée and a bit of salt and cook, stirring often, for about 15 minutes on medium-high. Be careful not to let it stick to the bottom of the pan. 
  4. Meanwhile, cube the chicken (if using drumsticks, leave them whole) and blend the ingredients for the almond paste.
  5. Once the onion has formed a pretty dry paste, take off the stove and add the ground spices. Cook for about a minute. Then, add in the chicken with some salt and brown for 5 minutes.
  6. Pour the coconut milk and 3/4 cup of water and mix well to form a thick sauce. Lower the heat and let it simmer for 15-20 minutes, or until the chicken is tender. Add more water if it starts to get dry.  
  7. Finally, add the almond paste and the garam masala and mix. Add more water if you want a thinner sauce. Let everything boil for a couple of minutes and serve.

* Nutritional info, per serving
  * 412 kCal
  * 12.4 g total carbs, 3 g fiber, 9.4 g net carbs
  * 26.3 g protein
  * 30.1 g fat