---
title: Spiralized Pho
permalink: phoEng
date: 2016-01-17
youtubeurl: http://www.youtube.com/embed/RUP5mxLs0NM
type: recipe
english: true
eyecatcher: /images/pho.jpg
---


* **Ingredients**, _serves 3_
  * 1/2 celeriac (celery root), spiralized
  * 1 small onion, in 4 big pieces
  * About 3 cm piece of ginger, sliced transversally 
  * Whole spices: half a cinnamon stick, 2 star anise, 1 tsp coriander seeds, 3 cloves, 1 black cardamom (Can be omitted if necessary)
  * 150-200 g of chicken or beef, very finely cut across the grain. You could use raw meat or leftovers!
   - _In order to do this, I cut it when it is slightly frozen._
  * 4 cups of good chicken or beef stock
  * Freshly ground black pepper
  * To garnish: sriracha sauce, fresh coriander, fresh mint, fresh red chillies, lime wedges, bean sprouts...


* **Process**
  1. In a non stick skillet very lightly oiled, over medium high heat, add the onion and ginger and toast to get some extra flavour into your stock. 
  2. Once they are properly roasted, add in your meat if it is raw and cook. 
  3. Add in the stock and the spices and let it cook for about 10 minutes for the flavours to infuse. 
  4. Meanwhile, spiralise your celeriac! 
  5. Once it has been boiling long enough, add your celeriac noodles, cook for about 3 minutes (if you overcook they might break and loose their noodle fun, so careful!) and take off the stove. 
  6. Serve with different choices of the garnishes so each person can choose their own! 

I recommend using good quality stock for this. If you don't want to buy one, you can use the same recipe but add some good quality meat bones, and just let the broth simmer for a couple of hours with the spices, ginger and onion to make your own stock. 
