---
title: Egg curry
permalink: eggCurry
date: 2016-07-18
youtubeurl: 
type: recipe
english: true
story: ninguna historia
eyecatcher: /images/eggcurry.jpg
---

Since going keto two weeks ago I have been craving good indian food. Unfortunately, dal chawal (lentil curry with rice) is not really keto-friendly, so an egg curry with some salad and/or cauli-rice seemed like a good enough substitute!

This is more of a pattern to make a very easy egg curry. I usually just add more or less spices depending on how I am feeling that day, so feel free to change the amounts and/or add other spices or ingredients - maybe amchoor, some chunks of red bell pepper... Experiment!

* **Ingredients**, _serves 6_ 
  - 12 boiled eggs, peeled
  - 500 g tomatoes, chopped
  - 1 tbsp tomato paste
  - 500 g onions, chopped
  - 4 garlic cloves, chopped
  - An inch of ginger, chopped (or 1 tsp ginger paste)
  - 2 tsp garam masala
  - 1 tsp turmeric powder
  - 1/2 tsp salt
  - 2 tbsp oil (I am using mustard oil)
  - _Optional: sugar or sweetener of choice_ 
  - _Optional: 125 g greek yogurt or half a cup of cream or coconut milk_

* **Process**
  1. Heat the oil in a saucepan, then add the onions. Cook for 10 minutes on medium heat until they are quite soft. 
  2. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for 2 minutes for the raw smell to go away. 
  3. Add the spices and cook for 1 minute. If it's too dry and you are scared they will burn, add some water. 
  4. Add the tomatoes, salt and tomato paste. Cover and cook on low for about 10-15 minutes, until the tomatoes are very soft. 
  5. _Optional step: you can fry the peeled eggs for a couple of minutes with some oil; this gets them slightly crunchy outside._
  6. Once the tomatoes are soft, blend the sauce and add the yogurt and sugar. Add some water if the sauce is too thick.
  7. Put it back into the stove, add the eggs (whole or cut in half), let them boil together for a couple of minutes and serve with some fresh coriander.


* Nutritional info per serving (using greek yogurt and no sugar)
  - 251 kCal
  - 13.3. g total carbs, 2.5 g fiber, **10.8 g net carbs**
  - 14.3 g protein
  - 15.5 g fat
