---
title: Curry stuffed pastries
permalink: curryEng
date: 2016-01-09
youtubeurl: http://www.youtube.com/embed/HkmsNWtmC7k
type: english
eyecatcher: /images/curry.jpg
---


* **Ingredients**
  * 1 medium onion, finely chopped
  * 125 g pumpkin or butternut squash, cut into cubes
  * 100 g grated carrot, boiled (canned)
  * 100 g boiled green peas (canned)
  * One tsp curry powder
  * _Optional: a pinch of chili or cayenne powder_
  * 5 cheeses in portions (the type used for spreading), which makes 75g.
   - _I use low-fat; you could also use cream cheese._
  * Salt, to taste; _about 3/4 tsp in total_
  * Black pepper, to taste
  * Oregano, to taste; _approx 1/2 tsp_
  * Any pastry you might want to use to stuff it with the veggies: puff pastry, vol-au-vents, brick pastry, filo...


* **Process**
  1. In a non-stick pan over medium-high heat, put some vegetable oil and pour the onion with a pinch of salt; cook about 5 minutes, until tender. 
  2. Add the rest of the vegetables with salt, pepper and oregano; cook over medium heat for about 10 minutes. 
  3. Add 50 mL of water, mix, cover and let the pumpkin soften. 
  4. After 10 minutes, uncover, add the curry powder and use a fork to check the pumpkin; if it's still hard, continue cooking. 
  5. Once the pumpkin is tender, add the cheese and mix well. The final result should be creamy but with little liquid. 
  6. Preheat the oven according to the instructions of the pastry you are using.  
   - _If you prefer, you can also use it for samosas or rolls that can be fried instead._
  7. Form your rolls, individual pies, or whatever you desire, and bake depending on the type of pastry you use. 

If you use puff pastry, it's good even cold, but for rolls or samosas, enjoy it straight out of the oven: hot and crispy!
