---
title: Chicken momo
permalink: momoEng
date: 2016-01-25
youtubeurl: http://www.youtube.com/embed/YdDXQSYDvo8
type: recipe
english: true
eyecatcher: /images/momo.jpg
---



When I went to Nepal a few years ago, I adored it; the country, the people, the ricefields, the mountains... and the food. Every day we would have dal bhat and chai; we loved it.


But as soon as we got a chance... we would go to a restaurant and order a nice plate of momos. These are dumplings, that are usually steamed or fried, and that are available in so many flavours: veg, chicken, buffalo, paneer... (when I was looking for recipes, I even found a chocolate one!!)


Ever since, I have been looking for a good recipe of both, the momo and the sauce that comes with it, "achar", because the one they made over there (with tomato and sesame seeds), I couldnt seem to find in european restaurants...


And now, at last, I am proud of the result I got! 


I'm not going to lie here, it is a lot of work; but at least it doesn't require any fancy ingredients, and if you make a bigger amount, you can freeze the raw momo and then cook them straight out of the freezer! Momo all year round!!! :)



* **Ingredients for the filling**, _makes 25 momo_
  * 200 g chicken meat, minced
  * 150 g zucchini, grated (about half a zucchini)
  * 1/4 red onion, very finely chopped
  * 2 scallions, very finely chopped
  * 1/2 tbsp ginger paste
  * 1 tbsp soy sauce
  * 1 tsp cumin
  * 1 tsp ground coriander
  * _Optional: 1 tsp ground fenugreek seeds_
  * _Optional: 1/4 tsp ground chili_
  * 1/4 tsp powdered garlic
  * 1/4 tsp powdered ginger
  * 1/4 tsp sugar
  * Pinch of salt (depends on how salty your soy sauce is)

* **Making the filling**
  * Just mince everything up and mix it together. Let it sit for a while in the fridge before cooking. 

* **For the wrappers**
  * Some people use wonton wrappers or similar store-bought wrappers; if you cannot find them, make a basic dough with flour, salt and water (like the chapati dough)
  * You should use disks of about 8-10 cm diameter, preferably slightly thicker in the center than in the edges. 

* **For forming the momos**
  * Patience, my friend. 

* **For cooking the momos**, there are two ways:
  * Steaming the momos, for about 10 minutes
  * Deep fry them (I cannot say for how long since I have never fried them myself)

Serve them warm with a spicy sauce - preferably a tomato and sesame "achar". Delicious!
