---
title: Veg Pulao
permalink: pulao
date: 2016-06-24
youtubeurl: http://www.youtube.com/embed/wOwoyF6irgg
type: recipe
english: true
story: ninguna historia
eyecatcher: /images/pulao.jpg
---



This is one of my hostess' specialty, vegetable pulao. An easy one-dish meal that can be slightly changed and always comes out equally delicious. 


* **Ingredients**, _for 4-5 people_
  * Vegetables: 1 onion, 1 carrot, 1/2 green capsicum pepper, handful of green beans, green chili to taste (in this case, 4; you can take out the seeds for less spice) - chopped. You can add other vegetables that you like: green peas, broccoli, cauliflower, potatoes, red capsicum...
  * _Optional, to add more protein: textured soy protein, soaked_
  * Whole masala: 4 bay leaves, 4 green cardamoms crushed, 2 black cardamom, 4-5 cm stick of cinnamon, 10 cloves, 12 black peppercorns + 10 small whole garlic cloves
  * Rice: about a cup (roughly the same volume as the vegetables), rinsed
  * Powdered spices: 1 tsp cumin, 1 tsp coriander, 1/4 tsp black pepper, red chili to taste, 1/4 tsp fenugreek leaves (optional), sugar to taste
  * 1/2 tsp turmeric
  * 1-2 tsp salt, in total
  * Optional: yoghurt or curd (especially good for leftovers!), coriander (about 1/2 cup), lemon juice to garnish, mint (mint is usually saved for meat pulaos)

* **Process**
  1. In a pan with 3-4 tbsp oil (or less, if you are fat-conscious), add the whole masala and brown them on low heat.
  2. Add the onions and cook them for 15-20 minutes, until they are super brown and caramelised and delicious.
  3. Add the carrots and cook them for a couple of minutes to avoid them being raw in the end. Then, add all the other veggies. Cook and cover until slightly soft, on low heat.
  4. Add the soy meat, salt and spices and mix thoroughly. After a couple of minutes, add the rice, mix, add the turmeric, and mix again.
  5. Now, you can either add some water and fresh coriander and cook it without a lid, or pressure cook it for 2 whistles on high flame.
  6. Once the rice is cooked through, fluff up with a fork, garnish with some more coriander, and enjoy.
