---
title: Vegan Chili
permalink: chili
date: 2016-05-31
youtubeurl: 
eyecatcher: /images/chili.jpg
type: recipe
english: true
story: ninguna historia
---

There are many vegetarian people in India, so traditional spanish cuisine (very often pork-based) is not very appropriate here, and on top of that, anything european is considered bland (because no chili, no taste, apparently!). So finding something to cook that they would like (that wasnt indian food!) seemed difficult.

So... chili to the rescue! I make my chili meatless and with loooooads of veggies (way more than the usual chili con carne have), and I like to add some cacao for a deeper, earthier flavor. I had to omit some spices, but I will transcribe the recipe I usually make so you can enjoy it to the fullest! 

For those who watch the videos: im so sorry about the terrible picture quality. But cooking in a new kitchen with limited resources and at 40 degrees temperature, being a good photographer was the least of my worries :)


* **Ingredients**, _serves 6_
  - 400 g cooked kidney beans (rajma), about 3 cups
  - 2 cloves of garlic, very finely chopped
  - 2 medium onions, finely chopped
  - 3 red bell peppers, finely chopped (you can sub one for a different color pepper)
  - 2 tomatoes, chopped 
  - 300-400 g tomato puree
  - 1 tbsp tomato paste
  - Spices (adjust to your taste): 1/2-1 tsp cumin, _1/2 tsp oregano optional_, 1/4 tsp black pepper, _1/4 tsp cinnamon powder optional_, 1 tbsp cacao powder, 1-2 tbsp sugar, _10 g of dark cooking chocolate optional_, 1 tsp of chipotle paste
   - _if you dont have chipotle (as was my case today), you can substitute it for 1 tsp of red chili powder and, if you want, cook the peppers on an open flame for a couple of minutes to get that smoky flavor one gets from the chipotle._
  - _Optional: 1/2 cup of corn grains, raw_ 
   - _If using cooked (canned) corn, add 5 minutes before serving._
  - Salt

* **Process**
  1. In a large pot or pan with 2-3 tbsp olive oil, add the onions and garlic with 1/4 tsp of salt. Cook on medium-low heat for about 20 minutes until nice and soft. 
  2. Add the peppers and corn with 1/4 tsp of salt and cook, covered, for about 10 minutes until the peppers start to soften. 
  3. Add the spices (except for the chocolate) and cook 1-2 minutes. Then, add the tomato paste, puree and the tomatoes chopped, along with 1/4 tsp salt and 1/2 cup of water and cook on a low heat, uncovered. 
  4. After 15-20 minutes it should start to be nice and thick. It should cook for at least 20-30 minutes, so add a bit of water if it is becoming too dry. 
  5. When there are only a couple of minutes left for it to finish, add the chocolate and mix it well so it melts. Then, taste and add salt, chili or even chocolate if you need it. 
  6. Serve nice and warm. It can stay in the fridge for 3-4 days, and it even gets better flavor! It is also freezer-friendly, so I usually make a huge batch and freeze some for another week.

